Ruby3 (#86)
yast/yast-rake: README.md

To stop the server press the Ctrl+C key combination.

> Note: For ruby3 and newer separate webrick rubygem is needed to be installed.

Reviewer: I think they call it "Ruby 3"...
```suggestion
Note: For Ruby 3 and newer separate webrick rubygem is needed to be installed.
```
